<h1 style="text-align: center;">陈勇昌（archer.chen）</h1>
<h1>Personal Information</h1>


- Gender：male            &emsp;&emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&ensp;   Work Years：three
- Phone：13287498539   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp; &emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&ensp;                         Email：chenyongchangg@126.com
- Education：China University of petroleum &emsp;&emsp;&ensp;        Position：Backend Software Development

## Work & Education Experience
- DiDi ChuXing     &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;            2023.12~now          &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;  Online Car Hailing - Matching Engine
- Shopee   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&ensp; &emsp;&emsp; 2021.7~2023.11   &emsp;&emsp;&ensp;&ensp;      Supply China - SPX
- China University of Petroleum &emsp;                                         2017.9~2021.7     &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&ensp;     Internet of Things - Bachelor

## Skills

- Familiar with golang related technology stack. Have understanding and use of other common programming languages, such as python, c++, java, and rust
- Proficient in using common middleware, such as MySQL, GORM, Redis and other common kv storage, Kafka, self-developed microservice framework chassis, etc.
- Familiar with domain modeling, with certain capabilities in task splitting, model abstraction and domain design.
- Understand common bilateral matching algorithms and become familiar with the top domestic driver and passenger matching architecture
- Have good English-speaking skills and be able to read and write English documents proficiently

## Project Experience
##### Didi - Matching Engine - Backend Development - 2023.12-now
* Technical person in charge of the private car business line, in charge of iterating business needs
* The person in charge of the broadcast module, handling related alarms and stability construction.
* Responsible for the time-consuming optimization of the broadcast order module to reduce long-tail calls. Position long-tail calls to optimize driver experience. Improve the overall efficiency of order distribution
* Responsible for the migration of playlist cards, promoting the implementation of the migration plan and grayscale volume
* Encapsulate the feature library and build feature anomaly sensing capabilities. Control the use of unsafe functions and improve the reusability of common tool code
* Lead the formulation of code specifications and the development of code static scanning and interception tools. Organize stock code standardization work

##### Shopee Supply Chain - End Delivery - Back-End Development - 2023.03-2023.11
* Delivery system stability management, including eliminating strong dependence on redis locks, core interface dependence on non-relational external systems, and database performance optimization
* Delivery system business data panel construction and data analysis, analyzing delivery rules through the data warehouse platform, and empowering product demand design

##### Shopee Supply Chain - Station - Back-end Development - 2021.07-2023.03
* Online commission calculation project for cooperative stations. Changed commission calculation from offline manual to online system reconciliation to improve accuracy and operational efficiency, and developed a series of common practical tools and components.
* Service Point Brazil Launch project. Follow up the launch and rollout of the station in new markets from zero to one, including deployment architecture, resource assessment, project management, etc.
* Decoupling and performance optimization of the post package boxing module area. Redesign the domain interaction model and make the data update process flat and asynchronous.

## Award-winning Experience
- Won the monthly star of the department four times, the English star once, the cooperation star once, and the best project award once in Shopee
